h1. Coda Plug-ins

RubyOnRails.codaplugin is a simple Plug-In (created with "Coda Plug-In Creator":http://panic.com/coda/developer/howto/plugins.php) that uses a few super ultra simple ruby scripts to try to bring some of the missing keyboard shortcuts in Coda for basic Ruby On Rails development.

h2. Usage

h3. Installation

IMPORTANT! Do NOT check out this repo "as" the plugin itself, since the "Coda Plug-In Creator":http://panic.com/coda/developer/howto/plugins.php will overwrite this README but most important, the .git directory! Instead:

Simply check out this repo (that is, as a folder, not a bundle!) into <code>~/Library/Application Support/Coda/Plug-ins</code>. In this folder you will find this README but also <code>RubyOnRails.codaplugin</code>. Restart Coda.

h3. Commands

Right now there's a very simple set of shortcuts

- Typing { will insert {} with the cursor in between
- Typing ( will do the same with ()
- Hitting ^L (Ctrl L) will insert "=>"
- Hitting ^3 or ^# (Ctrl 3 or Ctrl #) will insert #{}
- Hitting ^Shift' or ^" (Ctrl-Shift Simple Quote or Ctrl-Double Quote) will wrap the selection with " "
- Hitting ^' (Ctrl Simple Quote) will wrap the selection with ' '

Sadly coda doesn't have keyboard triggers, AFAIK, so I had to use ^3 for example :(

h2. Author(s)

Written by StuFF mc - "Pomcast.biz":http://pomcast.biz/

Fork this repo, open this same "RubyOnRails.codaplugin" file/bundle in "Coda Plug-In Creator":http://panic.com/coda/developer/howto/plugins.php and add things, then send me a pull request!

h3. Credits

Thanks to "Panic":http://www.panic.com/ for creating a kick-ass IDE! You might also be interested by the "YAML.mode":http://github.com/stuffmc/YAML.mode and the "YAML Navigator":http://groups.google.com/group/coda-users/browse_frm/thread/3670883e279e9e79/965492074542f0d8?#965492074542f0d8 (very experimental Cocoa Coda Plugin).